[WIP] docs(common): Prefix and Suffix documentation (#1828)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/textbox-add-icon.md

Is there anyway to do an 'addon' button with the TelerikTextBox?

## Solution 1

> As of **UI for Blazor 5.1.0**, you may use [Prefix and Suffix templates]({%slug common-features/input-adornments%}) to add the desired content as prefix or suffix to the TextBox. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of **UI for Blazor 5.1.0**, you can use [Prefix and Suffix templates]({%slug common-features/input-adornments%}) to add the desired content as a prefix or suffix to the TextBox. 
```

## Solution 2

> This solution applies to **UI for Blazor 5.0.x or earlier**.

Reviewer: I guess the solution applies to all versions, but we recommend the other one?

Author: Shall I add a note in the first solution stating that it is the recommended one?

## Solution

> >important **UI for Blazor 5.1.0** includes [Prefix and Suffix templates]({%slug common-features/input-adornments%}). Use that instead.

Reviewer 2: This is another solution and must be separated from the rest of the content through a new heading. For example:
```
## Solution 1
UI for Blazor 5.1.0 provides ...
...

## Solution 2

If you use UI for Blazor 5.0.x or earlier,...

```
